A D2C retail brand is looking for a results-driven leader to drive brand growth and new customer acquisition through paid media channels. This individual will be responsible for developing vision and strategy, and executing performance-based growth marketing plans including oversight of a multi-million dollar paid media budget. This leader will implement and monitor measurement metrics and attribution modeling in partnership with the growth analytics team.
Responsibilities

Lead and own planning and execution of our paid media program (SEM, SEO, Paid Social, Affiliate, CTV/OTT and any other paid media investments) program with a multi-million dollar budget.
Drive and champion best-in-class marketing approaches in relation to sustainable and efficient customer growth.
Develop and drive innovative growth and paid media strategies to meet revenue and consumer targets, with a focus on sustainable, efficient growth. Develop, implement and oversee full channel roadmap and innovation.
Own and develop digital dashboards and scorecards and reporting, customized based on business priorities and media strategies. Report to marketing leaders, executives and key stakeholders on high level wins, challenges, optimization and testing, and future plans strategies.
Own brief and content development with creative team to optimize ad performance and drive brand image.
Manage media and digital agencies and determine methodologies to increase capacity and resourcing. Lead agency selection for all outsourced capabilities needed to deliver on related performance goals.
Collaborate with MarTech and agencies to develop tooling, automation, and new measurement methodologies, improve measurement rigor, and optimize performance.
Lead, and develop a team of highly capable growth marketers, while contributing to our fast paced, dynamic and inclusive culture.
Develop processes, strategies, and tactics to guide functional and direct reports in delivering against team goals.
Requirements

8-10+ years of experience leading the paid digital media, performing, or growth marketing function.
Experience owning a $80M+ paid media budget.
Experience in a paid media, performance, or growth marketing function at a D2C brand.