Career Summary:
A strategic, data-driven marketing and marketing analytics leader with a performance-first mindset. Building, growing, and optimizing digital marketing and paid media programs to achieve business goals around awareness, acquisition, conversion, lifecycle management, and retention. A level-headed and compassionate leader of marketing programs and marketing teams.

Professional Experience:

Digital Media Solutions Inc. 
Clearwater, FL
Executive Vice President of Media
July 2023 - Present

Head of first-party DTC paid media buying for $400M marketing and lead generation company operating in highly competitive verticals, including insurance, health, education, personal finance, and careers. Growing performance marketing team both internally and through agency partners across search (SEM), social media, and affiliate channels. Optimizing media buying programs to ROAS and CPA targets.
Realignment, restructuring, and expansion of performance marketing organization. Fostering a test-first, data-driven, results-motivated team and culture
o	Delivered 5x revenue growth in paid media during first year while maintaining business driven ROAS targets
o	Diversified search marketing program to include Performance Max and Video/Youtube campaign types. Grew those incremental opportunities to over 15% of program
o	Concurrently managed the growth of an in-house performance marketing team, the development and delivery of operational marketing tools, and multiple outside agency relationships

W.B. Mason Company, Brockton, MA
Vice President of Digital Marketing and Analytics
August 2020 – February 2023

Leading digital marketing and growth for a business supply company with over $1.5B in e-commerce sales. Managing the marketing and analytics teams (25 FTE and 6 direct reports) through a period of rapid digital transformation. Establishing and growing paid and organic customer acquisition and lead generation channels including SEM, SEO, Social, and Display. 
o	Transformed the marketing and analytics teams from traditional channels to performance based and digital
o	Developed a multi-touch, multichannel attribution and spend model to drive priorities and marketing investment
o	Created a digital lead generation program and lead scoring algorithm targeting small to medium sized business customers – delivered over 1,000 qualified leads per month to sales team
o	Grew directly attributed digital marketing sales from scratch to over $10M monthly  
o	Overhauled email and lifecycle marketing program to focus on engagement and retention through segmentation and customer journey development. 

Tripadvisor, Needham, MA
Senior Director Global Performance Marketing
March 2013 – May 2020

P&L and operational responsibility for global paid traffic acquisition channels including paid search, hotel ads, and affiliates. Set strategy and motivated cross-functional teams, including marketing managers, channel owners, analysts, engineers, and data scientists. Forecasting and delivery responsibility for 9-figure annual budget. 
o	Managed global SEM team of 25+ building campaigns across 48 countries and 28 languages
o	Doubled paid search revenue to over $120M during first year
o	Championed, created, and grew a Hotel Ads programmatic marketing channel to over $50M in revenue – fasted channel growth in company history 

Jobcase, Cambridge, MA
Vice President Data Science and Media Analytics
July 2011 – February 2013

Strategic and day-to-day operations of data science, analytics, and search marketing teams at growth-stage lead generation startup. Managed technical partner integrations, foundational to performance marketing success.

AMP Agency, Boston, MA
Consulting Director of BI and Analytics 
July 2010 – June 2011

Delivered quantitative insights and actionable analyses to account managers and agency clients across content, SEO, SEM, and display advertising channels.

Education:

PhD Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, MIT, Cambridge, MA
Minor: Management of Technology, MIT Sloan School of Business,

ME, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT

BS, Montana State University, Bozeman, MT
